# August 17

* [x] Check-in round
* [ ] Work until X

| Who | Question | Solution |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| Anna | Other voices | We might want to ask other peoples feedback \(other core devs\). Also miners potentially we try to get 1-2 miners to speak |
| Deam | Pushed to the git updates the website | ok |
| James | Using wiki | ok |
| Max | What do the core devs want? | Anna: we'll see in the interviewJames: everybody sees some value, maybe miners voice matter |
| James | Discuss design | Discussed |
| James | Minor hashrate votes | Can be sent to Lane for discussing on the dev call |
| Max | Publish design | Now in progress, can do later |
| Deam | What's "about" tab is about | Anna: We can take some info from Phil presentationJames: we can hide it for now or put description from aragon grant |

* [ ] Closing round



